This project includes code to download data from the University of Illinois
Board of Trustees' Gray Book (https://www.bot.uillinois.edu/resources/gray_book)
and create some simple presentations of the data using the pandas and bokeh
Python libraries. The Gray Book provides information on salaries for the
2017-2018 academic year, as well as previous salaries from the 2016-2017
academic year.

The Gray Book provides data for employees within departments, where departments
nest within colleges and colleges nest within campuses. It provides information
on total salary for each employee as well as a salary breakdown for
each position held at the University of Illinois, in the case of employees
holding more than one position. The presentations of the data in this project
all use the total salary for each employee, even though they are filtered
at the department level. This was done so that it would be possible to compare
the distribution of overall salary among coworkers, regardless of whether
that salary derived entirely from the given department. Also, the presentations
divide the salary by employees' full-time equivalent percentage (FTE) to
facilitate comparisons. This way, an employee working part-time can still enter
into the presentation of the salary distribution.

There is some missing data where the FTE for an employee was shown as zero.

This project includes three main files:
* processData.py downloads the data, processes it, and saves CSV files with the raw data plus some additional computed variables (uiData.csv) and with summary data by employee within campus/college/department (salaries.csv).
* deptReport.py presents a bar chart showing the range of salaries in a given department.
* crossDeptReport.py presents a table summarizing the distribution of salaries for each department.
The latter two files are Bokeh server apps and can be run using
	bokeh serve --show deptReport.py
or
	bokeh serve --show crossDeptReport.py

This code has been tested in Python 3.6.6.
